---
extends: _layouts.post
section: content
title: June 17, 2021 Board Meeting
date: 2021-06-17
description: Minutes from the June 17, 2021 Board Meeting
featured: true
categories: [news, meetings]
---

The latest board meeting minutes are also available [via PDF](/assets/files/06172021-board-meeting.pdf) for those who'd like a nice printed copy.

### Quashnet Valley Homeowners Association Board Meeting

The June board meeting was held on Thursday, June 17 from 5:30pm-6:30pm at 27 Snead Drive

**In attendance:** Tony Venuti, Gary Johnson, Christopher Nelson, Ed Markowski, Dave Fravel


### Financial Review
A financial review was conducted by Gary Johnson and Tony Venuti.  There are still five homes that owe their 2021 assessment of $200. Of those five, three of them also owe for 2020. For 2020, eight homes owe assessments. 

Gary will be contacting the town clerk to confirm the process to attach a lien on a home.  Once we understand the process, a lien will be placed on the 5 homes who still owe their 2021 assessments (we’re disregarding the 2020 assessments for now since we’re not as confident in the list of addresses). This lien will prevent the home from being sold until the lien is paid. 

In the past, we’ve relied on the selling realtor to contact the board to confirm that there are no outstanding obligations. For the most part this has been successful, but there was at least one instance in 2021 where a home sold and the homeowner still owed the 2021 assessment. 


### Landscaping Review
Ed Markowski provided an update on the neighborhood landscaping. The $5000 “Site Improvements” budgetary line item for 2021 hasn’t been ear-marked yet and there are some possibilities that were discussed - the Hogan circle or fencing at the corner of Palmer and Hogan (the latter has been mentioned in the past). 

For now, we’ve tabled discussion of how to spend the site improvement budget and will re-group in August. 


### Annual Meeting Discussion
Due to COVID we didn’t hold an in-person annual meeting in August 2020. We’re tentatively scheduling an in-person meeting for Saturday, August 14, 2021, but are investigating where that could take place and what it would look like.  

Ed Markowski reported that the library isn’t allowing its meeting room to be rented yet. It’s possible it will be available by August, but we need to look into alternatives. We’re investigating the use of the green across from the library. Carolyn Markowski will reach out on our behalf to see if there’s a someone we can speak to about renting that space. If it’s available, we’ll need to rent audio equipment, possibly a tent, and seating. Nothing has been decided on this yet.

The agenda for the annual meeting will include:
* Financial Review
* 2022 Budget
* New Business


### Budget Review for 2022
We reviewed the 2021 numbers in preparation for a 2022 budget:

* the landscape budget will likely remain unchanged at $10,000
* we’ll continue to include a $5000 site improvements line item
* the office supplies budget of $750 may go up slightly (this is for the website, office.com account, and email marketing)
* insurance should remain the same
* electricity, legal fees and accounting fees should all remain the same 

The full budget will be prepared prior to the annual meeting


### Concerns
There is a small camper parked in a resident’s driveway. It’s our understanding that the camper is temporarily parked there and will be moved off the premises soon. 

Our opinion on campers will be the same as boats. Campers can be in driveways for a few days to be serviced. If they’re going to be stored on the property there needs to be an attempt to cover them - either behind trees, a fence of other landscaping. The boat owners in the neighborhood have all made investments to hide them from public view. We’ll ask the same of camper/RV owners. 


### Open Board Positions
Dave Fravel, Board Secretary, has let it be known that he’ll be stepping down from the QVHA Board at the next Annual Meeting.  

According to the by-laws,  there can be 3-5 board members. With Dave’s resignation, that creates one open seat.  We’ll reach out to the community to solicit interest in filling the seat - either as secretary or in another role. 


### Adjourn
The meeting was adjourned at 6:30pm

If you have any questions please send us a [message](/contact)
