---
extends: _layouts.post
section: content
title: June 22, 2020 Board Meeting
date: 2020-06-23
description: Minutes from the June 22, 2020 Board Meeting
featured: true
categories: [news, meetings]
---

The latest board meeting minutes are also available [via PDF](/assets/files/06222020-board-meeting.pdf) for those who'd like a nice printed copy.

### Minute of the QVHA Board Meeting - Monday, June 22, 2020

The June board meeting was held from 6:30pm-7:40pm at 27 Snead Drive

#### In Attendance

-   Tony Venuti
-   Gary Johnson
-   Christopher Nelson
-   Dave Fravel
-   Don Allen
-   Martha Cosgrove

#### Presentation on Signage Options

The Landscape Committee created a sub-committee focused specifically on repairing or replacing the QVHA signs at the three entrances to our neighborhood (Hogan, Palmer and Snead).

After some initial inspection of the existing signs it became apparent that the signs would need to be replaced. Based on that, the sub-committee solicited quotes from 4 vendors. Don Allen and Martha Cosgrove presented the latest update to the board and requested approval to continue the research.

The Board voted unanimously to support the work that the sub-committee is doing and asked them to continue to compile information and quotes. When all 4 (or more) quotes have been received, we’ll meet again to review them together.

#### 2020 Budget

We reviewed the 2020 budget in preparation for the 2021 planning. Tony and Gary will complete a pro-forma to make sure our estimates and actuals are in line and then we’ll create the 2021 budget prior to the August annual meeting.

#### 2020 Assessment Status

There are still 12-13 homes that have not paid their 2020 $200 assessment. We’re going to send a followup letter to them letting them know that based on late/non-payment there is also a $25 late fee. If the assessments (including the late fee) aren’t paid by the end of July we’ll be placing a lien for non-payment on their property.

#### Landscape Review

We’ll be sending a note to the community regarding personal purchases made for common area landscaping → if anyone has made any purchases for the common area they’re asked to submit their receipts to Gary Johnson ([treasurer@qvhamashpee.com](mailto:treasurer@qvhamashpee.com)) for reimbursement as soon as possible.

#### Golf Course

We’ve received a few complaints from the golf superintendent about dogs on the course. The specific complaints are:

-   Allowing dogs to run free on the course
-   Not cleaning up after dogs
-   cleaning up after dogs but tossing the bags into the garbage receptacles at the tee boxes

We’ll be sending a reminder to the community about being good dog owners and respecting the work of the golf superintendent and his team.

#### Annual Meeting

Given the current state of the world, the board decided that an in-person annual meeting will NOT be held this year. Instead, the board will send all information to each household prior to Saturday, August 15 along with a proxy voting form. There will be two items to vote on this year:

-   the 2021 budget
-   the new signage

There are still details to be worked out for this and we intend to have more plans in place after our July Board meeting.

**Meeting was adjourned at 7:40pm**

If you have any questions please send us a [message](/contact)
