---
extends: _layouts.post
section: content
title: July 9, 2020 Board Meeting
date: 2020-07-09
description: Minutes from the July 9, 2020 Board Meeting
featured: true
categories: [news, meetings]
---

The latest board meeting minutes are also available [via PDF](/assets/files/07092020-board-meeting.pdf) for those who'd like a nice printed copy.

### Quashnet Valley Homeowners Association Board Meeting

The June board meeting was held on Thursday, July 9 from 6:30pm-7:10pm at 27 Snead Drive

#### In Attendance

-   Tony Venuti
-   Gary Johnson
-   Christopher Nelson
-   Dave Fravel
-   Don Allen

### Updated Presentation on Signage Options

Don Allen was back to provide an update on the proposal process for new signs at Hogan, Snead and Palmer. The Sign Sub-Committee has received two proposals and is waiting on the third. Don is meeting with one vendor to review numbers on Friday, July 10, and is meeting with the third vendor on Tuesday, July 14. Following the receipt of all three proposals the Board will make a decision on how to proceed.

### 2021 Budget

The 2021 budget is nearly complete. Gary and Tony are finishing a few more items and gathering all of the 2020 information. Over the past few weeks Gary has paid community members for flowers and plants purchased for:

-   the Snead entrance
-   the Player circle
-   the Palmer circle

### 2020 Assessments

After some personal outreach, we are down to 8 homes that haven’t paid their 2020 assessment (from 12 after our last meeting). Dave is sending the notice of lien for nonpayment to the remaining 8 homes this weekend. Since our budget is based on payment by all 105 homes in the association, nonpayment by this many homes leaves us in a position where we can’t do everything that’s been budgeted.

### Annual Meeting

Since we’re moving to a virtual format for this year’s annual meeting, the paperwork and proxy forms need to be sent out starting on Wednesday, July 15 with all homeowners receiving the information by Saturday, July 18 (four weeks prior to the scheduled annual meeting).

Dave will be compiling the information and sending it via email, mail, and posting it on the website so that all homeowners will be able to review. Homeowners will be asked to complete the proxy form and send it back by Saturday, August 15

The information that will be sent out includes:

-   the 2021 Budget
-   the proxy form

### Board Membership Status

We have one community member who has indicated an interest in joining the board. Tony will be reaching out to this individual shortly to discuss the requirements of the position.

### OpenCape Discussion

Christopher was performing some exploratory research, and he reached out to OpenCape as a possible alternative internet provider to Comcast/XFinity.

Unfortunately, the cost of the service would be prohibitive. In addition to the $55/month fee for internet access there would be an installation fee for the neighborhood that could run into the low six figures. In addition to the $55/month, residents would still need to find a solution for cable television access and (for some) phone service. The Board decided to put a halt to the exploratory research.

**Meeting was adjourned at 7:10pm**

If you have any questions please send us a [message](/contact)
