---
extends: _layouts.post
section: content
title: July 12, 2021 Board Meeting
date: 2021-07-12
description: Minutes from the July 21, 2021 Board Meeting
featured: true
categories: [news, meetings]
---

The latest board meeting minutes are also available [via PDF](/assets/files/07122021-board-meeting.pdf) for those who'd like a nice printed copy.

### Quashnet Valley Homeowners Association Board Meeting

The July board meeting was held on Monday, July 12 from 5:30pm-6:20pm at 27 Snead Drive

**In attendance:** Tony Venuti, Gary Johnson, Christopher Nelson, Ed Markowski, Dave Fravel, Paul Robillard, Mike Hannan


### Lien Update
Lien update - Gary Johnson is still going to reach out to town hall about the lien ability. Paul Robillard (potential new board member) will be assisting with this communication. 


### Annual Meeting Planning
Gary Johnson will be confirming with the golf course that we can use the function room on Saturday, August 14 at 10am. Once we’ve confirmed the location, we’ll send out the notices to the community. Proxy voting will be allowed so we’ll send out the agenda, budget and voting form with instructions on how to send the form back to be counted.

Dave Fravel will put together the agenda and presentation based on our last in-person meeting held in August 2019.  Ed Markowski will take pictures of the common area and new signage that we can include in the presentation.


### Agenda  for annual meeting
- Introduction
- Ed —> Landscape committee - what we’ve done
- Gary —> Budget Update
- Tony —> 2022 Budget
- Vote on Budget
- Tony —> Holiday Party
- Tony —> New Business
- Tony —> New Board 
- Vote on Board


### 2022 Budget
We’ve confirmed the budget for 2022 based on our numbers from 2020 and 2021.  These will be compiled and shared with the community prior to the annual meeting.

**The budget for 2022:**
$10,000 for landscaping. The contract with Pat Ball is ~$8000 each year. 
$5,000 for site improvements - last year it covered the cost of the new signage
$1000 for office 
$2500 for insurance
$275 electricity  (intersections)
$200 for accounting services
$500 for legal fees

Total Budget for next year —> $19,475
$200/household - brings in ~$21,000

We’re recommending that we keep the assessments at $200. Motion made by Christopher to approve the budget. Seconded by Gary. All in favor

**Other budget notes:**
$425 for the fixing of the lighting - that will come out of the site improvements budget

We’ll budget $5000 for site improvements again

We have $29,063.57 in CDs (or a little more than that). We’re trying to build the buffer for the rainy day fund. For example, if trees come down across the road or in the common areas, we’re on the hook to chop them up. FYI - the town maintains the roads and catch basins.


### Possible site improvements
We don’t have anything specifically ear-marked for the $5,000 site improvement line item. One possible project is the installation of fencing at the corner of Palmer and Hogan. This could be a topic for discussion during the annual meeting. 


### Trailers, Campers and Boats
We sent a reminder out after the last meeting about trailers, campers and boats. There was one other issue (a trailer) and that was resolved by reaching out to the homeowner.


### Holiday Party
The Sunshine Fund has about $350 in it. That money was contributed by different people so we can’t use it for other line items. We’re going to talk to Phil at the QVCC about dates that are available in December for a holiday party. We can ask for volunteers at the annual meeting.


### New Potential Board Members
With Dave Fravel’s departure from the board, two QVHA residents have expressed an interest in joining the board. According to the QVHA by-laws, the board can have between 3-5 members.  

With two people interested, we’ve decided to introduce the idea of “Member at Large”. This slate of directors will be put up for a vote during the Annual Meeting:

Tony Venuti
Gary Johnson
Christopher Nelson
Ed Markowski 
Paul Robillard
Mike Hannan (Member at Large)


### Increased Communication
Mike Hannan has ideas for how the board can increase communication within the community. He and Christopher Nelson will be working together to brainstorm how to implement and roll those out. 

Christopher will be taking over the website and email marketing list (MailChimp)




### Adjourn
The meeting was adjourned at 6:20pm

If you have any questions please send us a [message](/contact)
